                          FAQ

               Frequently Asked Questions

This document outlines
----------------------

1 - The nature of shareware
2 - Support
3 - Limited warranties
4 - ASP Ombudsman
5 - Technical questions, and the answers/tips we came up with

                         -=<*>=-

1 - DEFINITION OF SHAREWARE

Shareware distribution gives users a chance to try software
before buying it. If you try a Shareware program and continue
using it, you are expected to register. Individual programs
differ on details -- some request registration while others
require it, some specify a maximum trial period. With
registration, you get anything from the simple right to continue
using the software to an updated program with printed manual.

Copyright laws apply to both Shareware and commercial software,
and the copyright holder retains all rights, with a few specific
exceptions as stated below. Shareware authors are accomplished
programmers, just like commercial authors, and the programs are
of comparable quality. (In both cases, there are good programs
and bad ones!) The main difference is in the method of
distribution. The author specifically grants the right to copy
and distribute the software, either to all and sundry or to a
specific group. For example, some authors require written
permission before a commercial disk vendor may copy their
Shareware.

Shareware is a distribution method, not a type of software. You
should find software that suits your needs and pocketbook,
whether it's commercial or Shareware. The Shareware system makes
fitting your needs easier, because you can try before you buy.
And because the overhead is low, prices are low also. Shareware
has the ultimate money-back guarantee -- if you don't use the
product, you don't pay for it.

DISCLAIMER - AGREEMENT

Users of the fonts placed on this disk must accept this disclaimer
of warranty: "These fonts are supplied as is.  The author disclaims
all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation,
the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose.
The author assumes no liability for damages, direct or conse-
quential, which may result from the use of these fonts."

The fonts placed on this disk are registered versions, and should 
under no circumstance be passed around. They are reserved to your 
own use, or the company who acquired them.

If you feel like sharing your enthusiasm for our font products, 
please pass around our shareware evaluation packages, which you can 
find on Compsuerve, America Online, major BBS, ASP shareware 
vendors, and on our web site : http://members.aol.com/MatchSoft.

2 - SUPPORT

While we do our best to make sure you enjoy our fonts to their
fullest, please remember that they are both technical, and artistic
creations. We will gladly provide support for technical questions. 
Requests for artistic changes will be taken as suggestions, which 
implies one should not expect aesthetic touches as part of a normal 
support. Nevertheless, artistic point of views and suggestions are 
always welcome, and appreciated.

Before contacting us, please make sure you have read the end of this
document. It has been written, based on questions asked very
frequently, by users who requested support. Finding the answer in
this document will save you time and aggravation.

For practical and financial reasons, we cannot provide phone 
technical support. You may, however, report any problem at
(213) 656-4244. We will usually follow-up within 24 hours, 
by email or fax.

You can also contact us by fax at (310) 338-0908, or by email at
support@matchfonts.com. Please try to be as specific as possible, 
in order to get appropriate help. Remind us the name of the font 
you are using, on which platform (Mac, Windows or OS/2), and the 
exact nature of the problem. Depending on the complexity of the 
question, you will receive a reply, usually within 24 hours.

Reported technical bugs will be fixed as rapidly as possible.
However, given the necessity for tests and verifications, it is
impossible to give standard time limit. In general, past experiences
have shown an average response in less than a week. When completed,
font updates will be sent to the customer who has reported the bug
by email (or regular mail, if no email is available).

3 - LIMITED WARRANTY

If for any reason the registered version of the font/program was
provided to you directly by Match Software on a defective media
(disk), it will be exchanged for a new one at no cost.

If you have suggestions for improving this font/program, we 
appreciate your comments. It does not mean we will fix or modify the
font in the way you wish in a given time, or that we must do it in
any way. However, if we feel the suggestion is appropriate, next
version of the font may be inspired from these advises.

We decline any responsibility if for any reason this font/program is
put to bad use in any way. It worked fine on a regular
configuration, and on a regular printer, with the most usual
software packages. If, for any reason, it could not work on your
specific configuration, Match Software cannot be held responsible. 
As technical combinations are almost infinite, and because systems 
evolve in ways we cannot predict, it might happen a new system, or a 
particular configuration, does not work with a font. For instance, 
because a new version of the system requires a new font format. In 
general, we will try to keep up with the system versions, and 
eventually offer upgrades, if possible, but it does not constitute
an obligation, nor would it be the case if you acquired a set of
seats cover for your specific car, and require they fit any new car
you may decide to buy later on.

4 - ASP OMBUDSMAN

This program is produced by a member of the Association of Shareware
Professionals (ASP).  ASP wants to make sure that the shareware
principle works for you. If you are unable to resolve a
shareware-related problem with an ASP member by contacting the
member directly, ASP may be able to help. The ASP Ombudsman can help
you resolve a dispute or problem with an ASP member, but does not
provide technical support for members' products.

Please write to
     ASP Ombudsman
     545 Grover Road,
     Muskegon, MI 49442-9427
     USA
     FAX 616-788-2765
     or send a message to ASP Ombudsman
     - via CompuServe mail 70007,3536
     - email 70007.3536@compuserve.com

5 - TECHNICAL QUESTIONS/ANSWERS/TIPS

Here are some questions frequently asked about our fonts, and the 
answers we where able to come up at the time. You may also want to 
read the answers, even if you experienced no problem with the 
present font. As a matter of fact, we have come up with some 
solutions of our own, which may help you get better results with all 
your fonts. This list of questions and answers will be regularly 
updated, in order to spare as much as possible aggravation for our 
customers. After reading them, please contact us, if anything was
still bothering you. We will do what we can to help you the best way
we can. Thank-you for all your reports.

Q: I downloaded your font, but Windows does not want it. It does not
want to install BABY_TT.ZIP.

A: Before using our shareware packages, you must unpack them with
the appropriate program. You may find WINZIP on most shareware 
sites. After unpacking the archive, you will find the BABYFACE.TTF 
file, which Windows will accept as its own.

Q: How do I install TrueType fonts under Windows ?

A : Open the "Fonts" control pannel, and click "Add". Then, look for 
the font files (extension *.TTF) where you copied or unpacked them. 
Select them, and click OK. You may install several fonts at the same
time, simply by selecting them.  Windows 95 requires a slightly
different procedure. Open the "Fonts" folder you will find in the
Control Panel located within "My Computer" icon. Then, simply copy
the TrueType font into it.


Q : I do not find the *.FOT files to install the *.TTF TrueType fonts.

A : this type of file is generated by Windows 3.xx when a new font 
is installed. In other words, if you use the correct Control Panel 
procedure to install a new *.TTF file, Windows 3.xx will 
automatically create the corresponding *.FOT file. Windows 95 does
not use this type of file at all, and directly takes advantage of
*.TTF fonts.


Q: How do I install PostScript fonts under Windows ?

A : PostScript fonts come with the extension *.PFB and *.PFM, one of 
each for each font. In order to use them, you first must install 
Adobe Type Manager (ATM) for Windows. Then, copy *.PFB files in the 
WINDOWS\PSFONTS directory, and the *.PFM in the WINDOWS\PSFONTS\PFM 
directory. Then, use the ATM control panel to install the fonts. 
PostScript fonts offer lots of advantages over their TrueType 
Windows counterpart, as kerning and more precise printing. If you 
are serious about desktop publishing, you may want to acquire ATM 
Windows.  This install process may have changed with newer versions
of ATM. please refer to the manual of that utility for more details.

Q : Some complex characters do not display normaly with ATM fonts

A : This phenomenon has been reported most often when ATM Type 1 
fonts of complex character shapes are used with Windows 95. The 
characters appear on top of each other, and are difficult to read on 
the screen. They do print perfectly, though. The only way we have 
found to circumvent this glitch seems to be to first enter the text 
in a simpler shaped font, for instance Arial, and after entries have
been verified, select the text you want, and bring it to the desired
font and attributes.

Q : Under Windows, some characters of a given font do not print at
all sizes, or show only on screen, or the opposite. This happens
most often with complex fonts, such as DinosoType, Bujardet
Vignettes of Nahkt Hieroglyphs. Some characters print as squares,
when they appear fine on the screen, or the opposite, or both. It
happens most often when the output is to be made on  a dot-matrix
printer, would it be impact or ink-jet. It does happen, sometimes,
though, with laser printers, as well.

A : The problem seems to reside within Windows itself, and the way 
TrueType is handled. We where unable to get any explanation from 
Microsoft which could help us understand how to solve the problem.  
However, as in general this type of fonts are most used on isolated 
basis (letterheads, titles, etc.), it is possible to use another
approach :
- Create a new document under Windows Paint
- With the TEXT tool, enter the appropriate message
- Copy the image, and paste it into your word processor or desktop
publishing software. Of course, if you use more sophisticated tools
than Windows Paint, like Corel Draw on the PC, the result may be
better.  Although TrueType fonts may pose this problem, PostScript
Type 1, even extremely complex, do display and work perfectly under
Windows with Adobe Type Manager (ATM). If you want do do any type of 
serious desktop publishing, we strongly recommend you use ATM and 
PostScript fonts.


Q : I do not find the accented characters, or the punctuations. They 
are not available through my regular keyboard. Why is that ?

A : The free evaluation fonts do not contain punctuations, nor the
upper-ascii characters, including the accented characters. If you need
these characters, simply register for the font, and you will receive 
the registered version, which contains the full set of characters.
You can register on line on our site, and immediately download the
registered version, at http://www.matchfonts.com. 

Q : I need a font in a language not yet available.

A : Creating fonts for new languages is not only challenging, it is 
also culturally very rewarding, very inspiring. We do not always 
know the language you plan to use. But if you provide us with the 
proper information, we will use it to create a new font. It is 
fairly simple : we only need the best representation of the 
alphabet, character by characters, and eventually it's 
pronounciation, if it is not a Roman set of letters (Japanese, for
instance, or Russian are in that case). Call us for more details.


Q : I want a font made according to my specifications.

A : If you already have a printout of the desired font, or any 
graphic representation that we can use to draw the characters, our 
regular price for designing a new font is very reasonable. If you
want a creation from scratch, it will be more difficult. Please call
us for a quotation.


Q : How can I obtain a printout of all of your fonts ?

A : Just send us your complete address, and we will gladly send you 
a documentation showing the diversity of Match Software fonts. You 
can already find a pretty good representation of our offering, on
our web site :
http://members.aol.com/MatchSoft

Q : You must provide thorough phone hot line support for any brand
and type of computer. If Adobe and others can, why not you ? You
should be able to be reached 24 hours a day, 7 days a week !

A : We are sorry, with our small operation, not to be able to 
compete with giants who see more money in 10 minutes than we may be 
able to earn in one year. However, our prices are lower beyond 
comparison.  That is also because you are not paying for million 
dollars advertisement, and plethoric staffs. Besides, we are 
prepared to fix glitches if any, and gladly accept advises from our 
customers. Remember, however, that a font is somewhat equivalent to 
a bumper sticker to an automobile. Please do not ask us to solve the 
problems generated by your system, no more than you would think 
about requiring driving lessons from a stickers publisher. We do our 
best for our fonts to work properly on STANDARD configurations,  
including STANDARD printers, STANDARD system versions, STANDARD  
applications, when our fonts are installed through STANDARD 
procedures.  All that said, we do want to help you benefit from our 
software products. You can contact us by phone at (213) 656-4244, 
and leave a message on the voice mail if unfortunately we where not
able to answer immediately. You can also reach us at any of our
e-mail address matchsoft@aol.com or on Compuserve 73267,1701.


Q : In your Martian font, you placed a dot above the glipnol 
character, and forgot to put an accent above the weirdoo. It is 
unforgettable. I am furious and you are just as stupid as a bunch of 
lunar dogs ! You should be whipped, and give me my money back, too, 
plus maybe a little extra, because I suffered incredible damage to
my much sophisticated sense of intellectual properness and inherent
graceful sophistication.

A : We are sorry not to know Martian as well as such a refined 
literate as your highness.  Please do not blow your desintegrator at 
us, poor ridiculous clumsy uneducated filthy computer groomers. More 
seriously, please consider that ignorance may not be such a crime, 
after all, and have mercy for the less taught. We all learn all our 
lives new concepts and new ways. If for any reason we committed a 
mistake in transcribing your native language, be assured it is not 
intentional. Please courteously provide us with the proper 
information, and we will try to make appropriate updates are made, 
if they are technically possible and logical. All we know of, as 
humble and insignificant artisans, is the fonts craftsmanship. It is 
not our fault, then, if the subtleties of a foreign language do not 
strike us like light over the saint's head.  However, we are bending 
our knees to the more educated. Thank you for helping us improve.  
At the present time, our foreign fonts have been thoroughly review 
d, so they satisfy our customers. Some have helped perfect already 
very nice fonts. But we will appreciate any additional help !  Any
report or suggestion is taken very seriously, and usualy fixes are
carried out through regular updates. All the more reason to
register, to be able to benefit from these improvements.


Q : When I use too many fonts, my printer crashes.

A : Try setting the option "Print TrueType fonts as graphics" in the
Windows Printer Control panel.

Q : Why do you ask for money for your fonts ? They should be free !

A : There is a strange curse around computer software, these days. 
Nobody would ever consider getting a movie for nothing, or walking
into a book store and require a sample for free. For programs,
however, the matter is quite different. So many people consider
computer software piracy as a light little mistake, that eventually,
some may indeed start considering software authors as thieves,
because they pretend to get a small reward for their job. Some
luminaries (noticeably around GNU project, or some Internet
ayatollahs) even have the nerve to play with the very strange notion
that computer software should only come free, and that any
commercial distribution, including shareware, has some analogy to a
rip-off. Fine and good, then, but why do they at the same time
insist to get paid for their conferencing, or to get royalties from
their books ? Match Software is a small business based on shareware
distribution. Anyone can browse at our productions in the same way a
reader could read book as many times and as completely as wished,
before actually paying for it. Please do not pirate us. If you feel
a font is really of use, please register. That small usage fee will
help us continue creating new original, exclusive and fine fonts for
you. We sincerely thank all users who have, through their
registration, helped pay the rent, the phone, and the electricity 
which powers our equipment to create all these fonts. Please 
continue to support the shareware concept. It is the only way out of 
the commercial monopolies. Small software companies are as much a 
liberty warrant as small book publishers are : without them, big 
companies would have their way, culturally and financially. Nobody 
would ever want that to happen !


Match Software

8205 Santa Monica Blvd #1-205
West Hollywood, CA 90046-5912
(213) 656-4244
Internet : MatchSoft@aol.com
Compuserve : 73267,1701
America Online : MatchSoft



Acknoledgement : "Match Software" is intellectual property of Match 
Software. All other intellectual properties, such as Trademark and 
Brand Names mentionned in this document, belong to their respective 
holders.
